h1. Aesthete.php

"One whose pursuit and admiration of beauty is regarded as excessive or affected."
-- "thefreedictionary.com":http://www.thefreedictionary.com/aesthete

Aesthete.php is an experimental library that lets you create arrays in a more "aesthetic" manner.
Returned arrays descend from the "ArrayObject":http://www.php.net/~helly/php/ext/spl/classArrayObject.html SPL class. Which is nice because it lets you add some methods, such as each().

h2. Usage

First, require it:

pre. require_once('aesthete.php');

Now, lets say i want to create an array of string. Simple. In Ruby i would do it like this: 

pre. %w( my array of words )

But PHP's array() syntax is kinda verbose for such a simple array: 

pre. array('my', 'array', 'of', 'words')

With Aesthete.php, you can create an array of words like this instead:

pre. w(' my array of words ')

Then you can loop into it like this. For FREE! :

pre. w(' this is an array of words ')->each(function($w){
  echo "{$w}<br/>";
});

Or you can create an array of any types and loop into it:

pre. a('one', 'two', 3, 4)->each(function($thing){
  echo "{$thing}<br/>";
});

Or a hash of strings and loop into it:

pre. h("
 key            = value
 another        = string
 number         = 23
 a_long_string  = this is a long string
")->each(function($k, $v){
  echo "{$k} => {$v}<br/>";
});

See test/tests.php and examples/* for more usage examples.

h2. Minimum requirements

You'll need to have PHP >5.3 because of the AestheteHash and AestheteArray's each methods that takes an anonymous function.

h2. Special Thanks

Thanks to "Alexandre Gomes Gaigalas":https://github.com/alganet for suggesting the use of parse_ini_string() for parsing the h() function's argument. Awesome stuff are possible now.
